---
title: Ben, Nightmare
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2.5
permalink: "16"
---

*Prodigy (noun): a young person who is unusually intelligent or skilful for their age*

*Credulous (adjective): too ready to believe things and therefore easy to trick*

*Precursor (noun): a person or thing that comes before somebody/something similar and that leads to or influences its development*

*Paranoid (adjective): afraid or suspicious of other people and believing that they are trying to harm you*

*Peek (verb): to look at something quickly and secretly because you should not be looking at it*


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)


Ben is a young man and has musical prodigy. He is credulous, which is one of his disadvantage. There are some physical looks to identify him: curly short black hair, muscular body, plus black suit, black-and-gray striped tie, dark glasses like look a guard of a big glorious villa. Such things of him that comes with an Australian combining a bit British accent, raising a pitch voice at the end of sentences. 
  
One day, after Ben’s concert performance in theatre, there was one strange man came and told him that his boss needed to meet him in five-start restaurant because of his musical talent. On a half of track up to there, he felt something unusual. The longer they went, the more scaredy-cat he found in his head, and could not get out of his negative thoughts. He peeked around over unoccupied houses as haunted houses in horrible movies -  by running the projector at home, he had used to see with his family on the weekend. Then, this strange guy turned around, faced him and gave him a big bang into his head. At this time, he could not defend against his quick hit, and he realised that he was lied but it was too late to turn back and have dinner with his family.  This guy dragged him to the bank and ended up his life in river. As soon as his body had dipped in the river, ....

The alarm clock, which was pink and in hello-kitty shape, went off, which pulled him out of his terrible dream. His first thought after waking up was whether it would be a precursor of his tonight performance, and he was getting paranoid about the strange guy he might meet tonight. Whether that guy would try to harm him or not. Who knows?