---
title: Not Just A Squabble
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "13"
---

*Botch up (verb): to spoil something by doing it badly*

*Pile (noun): a number of things that have been placed on top of each other*

*Bump into (phrasal verb): to meet somebody by chance*

*Covet (verb): to want something very much, especially something that belongs to somebody else*

*Hindsight (noun): the understanding that you have of a situation only after it has happened and that means you would have done things in a different way*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)


Sometimes I get hindsight silly because I often become a last person to understand someone’s joke, and then laugh at this joke alone and surprisingly that sometimes botches up their conversation and makes me an idiot. It normally happens in a group of friends. Basically, they cannot avoid conflicts or squabble in a table for a silly reason when they have meal together, and some guys in their group often have rude behaviour and speech in this situation to deliberately botch up the atmosphere seriously in which they expect to have meal together.  Therefore, they bump up into the sad meal and unexpected squabbles. Fortunately, they eventually realize their faults and wipe the slate clean to heal their relationships. After that, they often start to swap their story and tell each other their future jobs as well as experts that they covet a chance to work with. Also, big companies a lot of young employees like these guys are highly coveted such as Google, FaceBook, Youtube and so on. One thing I want to advice you is that you shouldn’t pile a lot of pressure on yourself and cram all knowledge into your head but you ought to study wisely and scientifically, and make plans to follow easily step by step. Avoiding working with a pile of thick book is a good choice. Some people believe that they should study a lot and know all aspects of a field without break. No. They are not true. If you want to be a expert of something, you should focus on and be good at one thing that is enough to get a good job in a big company.