---
title: Lan and Khang
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 3
permalink: "20"
---

*Sarcastic (adjective): showing or expressing a way of using words that are the opposite of what you mean in order to be unpleasant to somebody or to make fun of them.*

*Exhilarate (verb): to make somebody feel very happy and excited.*

*Tedious (adjective): lasting or taking too long and not interesting.*

*Musing (noun): a period of thinking carefully about something or telling people your thoughts about it.*

*light bulb (noun)*


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/) 

Youth, which is always a beautifully memorable period of time, but is somtimes severely a regret...

Lan and Khang studied in the same boarding high school in Ho Chi Minh city in 3 years. Their first meet was in 10D1 class, he sat at the back, which was opposite to her that she placed in front of the teaching stage like one at the beginning and another at the end of the river. So, how did they officially meet each other? That could had been a occasion. Yes, there was one, Vietnamese Teacher Day. The school expected each class to prepare one performance for a participation within the school level, and the top 3 performance would be chosen to perform officially on Vietnamese Teacher Day. Their class got a light bulb of class-sized dance that means most of class members would dance together, and the leader who teach them how to dance quite professionally was Lan, which had not really made Khang impressive. Then, they practice together, and Khang started raising his feeling to Lan that he liked her, but he had been having a doubt on it. After two weeks, their class thought that their preparation had been done extremely well. As a result, they received a ticket to perform officially on Vietnamese Teacher Day.

Wait. This occasion was just a first meet which is not sweet. 
Their love just had been at the beginning of journey. 

Then, their school organized a trip to Long Hai beach for all students in grade 10 after a long period of hard studying. Their class had been required to prepare a performance, and one more time that they practice together. Obviously, Lan and Khang worked together, and somehow Khang thought that Lan was falling in love with his best friend. Therefore, he practically gave up confessing his feeling to her. 

After the wonderful trip, they had been thrown into weekend exams. When all exames had just finished, he noticed that she was being disappointed, and then he initially came to her and comforted her that everything should be fine. After the exams, they were allowed to go home. At night on the same day, they chatted and listened to each other’s musing on study, hobby and life. Then surprisingly, she changed the topic and confessed her feeling to him that she liked him. She was shy that she told him to forget about it. Yet he accepted to start this serious relationship since he had started to like her a long time ago. Then they swapped their stories each other. From that time, they often wrote letters whose contents were so lovely, good night or anniversaries, even they draw their cute faces during tedious lessons. 

 Their sweet love had been starting with a weird thing that a girl was a person who confessed her love first.  

A two-year period forward, all things between them happened without let or hindrance, sometimes there was some fights and happiness mixed up to boost their relationship. 

After graduation from high school, they’d had to study at two different university, which was in the same way of their position in their class they used to attend together, one at the beginning and another at the end of river, but the problem here was that the distance were further compared to class-sized level. 

Due to distance, he found a strange thing in her that she started to want to give up this boring relationship. So he try to exhilarate her to maintain her feeling in him and keep her by his side. However, it failed. One day, she wanted to break up... but he thought that she were being sarcastic. Unfortunately, it was true. He one more time justified the breakup by a simple thing the she were being tired of her study and in process of adapting a new environment at university. But it still failed. He got dumped... absolutely. 

This is a sad love story. Do you have any sad love story same as the above story? Just tell me. I am always here to listen your stories.