---
title: Rez, Nonsense
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "18"
---

*No-brainer (noun): a decision or a problem that you do not need to think about much because it is obvious what you should do.*

*Resilient (adjective): able to feel better quickly after something unpleasant such as shock, injury, etc.*

*Plateau (+out) (verb): to stay at a steady level after a period of growth or progress.*

*Catalyst (+for) (noun): a person or thing that causes a change.*

*Procrastinate (verb): to delay doing something that you should do, usually because you do not want to do it. -> Procrastination (noun).*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/) 


Hi. I am Nam. Today I am going to tell a nonsense story of Rez. Who is Rez? Why his story is nonsense? Here we go.

Rez is a snob young boy in a modern city. He usually reeks of mixture of cigarettes and his breath, which is a foul mixture of tobacco and strawberry chewing gum coming from his disgusting mouth. He always wears T-shirt whose colors depend on his morning mood and colorful short. He lets his beard grow in one month, which makes him older than his age, and then shaves it. Period for his look. Oh, I forgot one thing that he is a sophomore at Happy University.

One day, he thought that he needed to do a startup about selling second-hand socks to protect environment, and he was confident that he would start with a bang. Absolutely, it was not a fully considerable thought, and even a definitely silly startup. Then, I dropped out the university because he believed that he should spend more time focusing on his business and studying assignments that he considered as a no-brainer at university would be a waste of his time – he thought that he was smart? All assignments were no-brainers or he had no brain?, plus he wanted to be a person as Steve Jobs, which indicated that he was having a narrow vision and immature mind. 

He then started his stupid business with 100 bucks, and there was no profit in a first month. Procrastination contributed as catalyst for business development to decline. He had procrastinated a lot of task, and workflow had not been perceived carefully. Therefore, the day had gone by, and his money of 0 buck plateaued out, which implied his business was on the verge of failure. It was transparent that his sh** startup idea had been such a ridiculous at the very first place, so there would be no possibility that leaded his business to the success. After all, he realized that he was incompetent to carry on a business, and then he was resilient and applied to a new university – Bazmula University, to continue his study and take serious preparation for his future.
