---
title: Ken n Sen
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "22"
---
*Rummage (verb): to move things around carelessly while searching for something.*

*Apocalypse (noun): the destruction of the world.* 

*Poky (adjective): too small; without much space.*

*Clutter (verb): to fill a place with too many things, so that it is untidy.*

*Coincidence (noun): the fact of two things happening at the same time by chance, in a surprising way.* 


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

Ken and Sen live in the same city in Aoipolia, which is the first country to legalize same-sex marriage in historic first for Asien. It was a coincidence that their first meet was in a pub, and both of them were in the bad mood as there had been frictions with their parents. Although they were born in different families, they are facing the same bias from their parents who never pass homosexuality. This bias has been dumping them into hell like bringing them on the brink of apocalypse in their “inside worlds”, and like stealing their happiness from their lives. 

One day, they decided to run away and live in an isolated village to escape the bias and start holding freedom in their hand. In the village, they rented a room in a house of an elderly couple. Unfortunately, the old books cluttered up this room. A couple of days had gone, and they heard the scream from the landlord’s room, which made them curious and stimulated them to find out what happened every night. Eventually, their eyes popped out as finding out the truth that the couple broke the small window under their bed and got into the poky room which was full of magical things and… death. After 15 minutes, they came out and the windows automatically healed themselves as the original state. Ken and Sen were too scared and frightened to make decision of leaving the house earlier than due date in the contract since the landlord would raise suspicion on them if they left so early. Finally, they told the landlord and left the house on the following day. Fortunately, the couple seemed to let the move out peacefully, but the one thing that they had received from this couple is a piece of advice that they should not continue their relationship; otherwise one of two would die next year. However, they ignored it and left it behind the back forever. 

It was true that Ken died because of a car accident next year when he was on the way to home which was a new house they rented after they had left the previous scaring house. When the bad news came to Sen’s ears, he was absolutely devastated and tears gushed like waterfalls down his cheeks. He had no reason to stay this place and came back to his parent, plus announced Ken’s family about his death. Badly, they insulted on Sen and put “shit” on his head severely. After that, Sen’s life was full of regret, devastation, pain and curse. At the end of the day, he decided to suicide in the his room by chemical…
