---
title: Han n Stranger
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "24"
---
*Urinal (noun): a type of toilet for men that is attached to the wall.*

*Sloven (noun): a person who is habitually untidy or careless.* 

*Impassable (adjective): impossible to travel on or through, especially because it is in bad condition or it has been blocked by something.*

*Bruise (noun): a blue, brown or purple mark that appears on the skin after somebody has fallen, been hit, etc.* 

*Strain (verb): to make an effort to do something, using all your mental or physical strength.* 


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

Han is a party boy. He often appears to be wearing a plain T-shirt and short, plus he has a curly hair and especially a star-shaped above his right eyebrow. Although he spends most of his free time in clubs, he strains seriously to contribute the best solution to build up his company. 

One day, he was invited to his friend’s birthday which was held at one of the biggest clubs in his city, Rezie Club. Cuz he loved party, he easily integrated with the group of his friends’ friends. A half of an hour later, he wanted to piss off, and then headed straight all the way to the bathroom. While he was using the urinal, there was a sloven standing next to him. Suddenly, this guy had attacked him by banging his head like a rock falling down, but he luckily kept himself conscious. The battle hadn’t reached the period, but the stranger continued to hit into his belly with a strong punch, forming a stiff bruise. He found himself no chance to defend or attack to hold the way of escaping from the dirty bathroom. Eventually, he could refrain from these bunch, giving up and collapsing to lay on the wet floor. He had been dragged to in the unoccupied house whose room was full of weird pictures sticking on the wall surrounding him.  A few minutes later, the guy had stepped close to him bound hand and foot, and he untied the rope round him for Han, inviting Han to come the dinner table so that he could enjoy the meal made couple of minutes ago by the stranger. Then, he started with a question:

“Do you like it? Good?”. The stranger raise an unusual pitch at the end of the question. <br>
“Yeah… It’s fabulous.”. An uncomfortable voice was lowered its volume at the end of the sentence. <br>
“Do you know what meat it is? HUMAN!”. 

Han realized that he was in danger and found the quick way to run out of the house. Somehow, with the bubble solution, he just stood up and try to sprint as fast as possible but all the pictures on the wall automatically formed an impassable barrier for escaping out from the room. The most frightening thing was that all pictures reassembled up together displayed the face of an immoral evil. Ultimately, his life was dumped into the hell.
