---
title: Elliot, Tinder
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "25"
---
*Vibrate (verb): to move or make something move from side to side very quickly and with small movements.* 

*Swig (verb): to take a quick drink of something, especially alcohol.*

*Shudder (verb): to shake because you are cold or frightened, or because of a strong feeling.* 

*Scrapheap (noun): a pile of things, especially of metal, that are no longer wanted or useful.*

*Puberty (noun): the period of a person’s life during which their sexual organs develop and they become capable of having children.* 


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)


Elliot is a fourteen-year-old teenager who has been reaching puberty as all other teenagers have to get through. As usual, "loved chemical" is awakened inside them, and Elliot has not been an exceptional instance, not avoiding it produced inside him.

One day, Elliot's best friend had introduced him an app called Tinder which is a location-based social mobile app, used as a dating site, that allows users to chat and find their match to go on date out, and then he downloaded it and tried to build up his profile to be nice and appealling to girls. At 8.00 pm on the same day, while he was laying on the bed and shuddering at the coldness of the winter under the blanket, his phone vibrated with a Tinder notification that a female teenager actively started a conversation witha lovely greeting, "Hi! How ya going? I am Lisa".  It made him excited and wonder what he should begin and how he had to reply her message. He started typing a line with a formal response, "I am good. What are you up to then?". That, their conversation seemed to be going well by swaping their stories, interests and hobbies each other. Enventually, they set a time and a place to meet up so that they would know more about their "temporary" partners.

One hour earlier the time they would officially catch up each other, Elliot had been thrilled and excited to go on dating with Lisa as his first girl at the first time after being alone for 14 years. He was on the bus to the meeting place, and he felt so nervous that he would be in table with only one girl and where he should begin a funny conversation. Ultimately, he had reached to their redezvous and waited for her coming, but before that he had received a message with content that she was going to be late in 15 minutes. Only 10 minutes had gone by, she appeared with... a terrible shape of obesity. As a young boy like him, he covered his face with his hands, and then tried to get out of there without getting her attention. Hurtfully, he left her alone and blocked all ways  she was able to contact him through Tinder, phone number, Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. But 10 minutes later, he had run away from there and felt guilty of his action that he completely deserved to be ready for scapheap as well as a creepy boy. Without any further hesitation, he decided to come back to their meeting and eye straight right at her. He waved his hand as sign of appealing her attention. As soon as he had reached to him, he apologized for not being on time because of traffic congestion, and then swigged water from the bottle on the table she had just ordered for waiting for him. Happily, their conversation was in the love line, and he completely wiped the bias of her shape our of his mind.
