---
title: Robby, Revenge
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "14"
---

*Revenge (noun): something that you do in order to make somebody suffer because they have made you suffer*

*Culmination (noun): the highest point or end of something, usually happening after a long time*

*Fatigue (noun): a feeling of being extremely tired, usually because of hard work or exercise*

*Deviate (from something) (verb): to be different from something; to do something in a different way from what is usual or expected*

*Apparent (adjective): easy to see or understand*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

A robot, Robby, lives in a small town with human. In fact
his family is robots. He is friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, his friends, humans, discriminated against him as he has been a robot, and he was bullied by big fucking immoral boys. He was never against, or has any kind of actions that deliberately hurt them. He only kept silent and protected himself by using his arms covering his face and head. 

However, one day he realized that he couldn’t stand for the bullying, and he couldn’t refrain from hurting him a lot. Therefore, he was at the culmination of bullying, and he decided to take revenge on these bad boys morally but seriously. Because these boys were very young and could not be aware of the consequences of drug, he tempted them into using it and they became addicted. They watsed their parents’ money. Importantly, they gradually became weak, and they could not bully him like before. 
Now, it is apparent that he is free and live his life happily without bullying. Although his body deviates from others, he deserve to be respected, and receive the most beautiful treatment in the world of human being. 

Amazingly, he has developed his beautiful personality during 100 years, so he becomes your best friend, and supports you as you are fatigued.