---
title: Boxallie, His Story
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2.5
permalink: "12"
---


*Plug away at (phrasal verb): to continue working hard at something, especially something that you find difficult*

*Contradiction (noun):  the act of saying that something that somebody else has said is wrong or not true*

*Transparent (adjective) >< Opaque (adjective): allowing you to see through it >< not clear enough to see through or allow light through / easy to understand >< difficult to understand; not clear*

*Springboard (verb): to help somebody/something start an activity quickly and strongly; to start an activity in this way*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)


Hi I am Boxallie. I come from a large ant family. Here is my story of my life when I was a university student and encountered a week of upcoming exams. 
 
The final exams of all units were coming, and I was going to take them at the end of January. I didn’t know where I should start reviewing all lessons, so I felt fully confused now. However, I kept calm and thought of it carefully again. Then, I made study strategies and timetable to review all lessons step by step. Therefore, I followed them, and I have started to plug away at studying and programming (I am studying Bachelor of Computer Science). Gradually, I regained all the knowledge that I couldn’t understand and remember before. And then  I was able to finish the exams confidently. 

Sometimes, when I was reviewing the lessons, I thought that I found out some contradictions, and then I took them to classes to ask my lecturers whether I or they were wrong. Eventually, I was wrong since my explanation and knowledge are vague and not strong enough to convince that I was true. I didn’t feel embarrassed, but I was super happy because I could learn and comprehend new knowledge through asking lectures. 

When I found some lecture difficult to understand and apply it into my assignment, I tried then to find out some reliable documents on the internet more transparent to get the main point. Amazingly, the documents sometimes provided me with good knowledge outside of the lectures. Therefore, I understood them deeply. However, someone’s written documents I found on the Medium webpage were opaque to me, so it not only made me confused but also dumped all my work into the hell. 

I got programming skills thanks to Udemy Webpage (Online Courses). It springboarded me into writing and reading code in Python as well as creating a website as a web developer.

That’s the end of my story. What about yours?