---
title: Homa, Altruism
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2.5
permalink: "15"
---

*Bizarre = Peculiar (adjective): Unusual or strange*

*Altruistic (adjective): caring about the needs and happiness of other people more than your own*

*Accustom (+ to) (verb): to make yourself/somebody familiar with something or become used to it*

*Flora and Fauna: plants and animals*

*Deliberately >< Inadvertently (adverb): done in a way that was planned, not by chance >< by accident; without intending to*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

A young man, Homa, lives a modern city on the other side of the world. He is a altruistic, which is why he is usually tempted to a track being full of overwhelming work. He decided to yet accustom himself to f*cking weird overwhelmingly “workplace bullying”. Oh before I forget, he is a officer who refers to sedentary and sustain life and loves a working outfit: a maroon blazer, plus green-and-grey striped tie, white shirt, grey V-neck jumper and black trousers - I want to stop describing this guy here cuz I don’t want to hurt your awesome imagination on him. 

Then, one day after work, he headed all the way up to the coffee shop which is down 5-minute walking from his company, and he ordered on regular-sized mocha. After that, he got out of it and lowered himself back on to street seat. Took a rest, plus chilled with a cup of hot coffee in winter and ran his finger in a circle on arm’s seat. He had a vague feeling that why he was so devastated and he seemed to fight to wipe his mind clean of all severe thoughts coming from his colleagues, which approached too close to the feeling of panic in his chest. But gradually it passed. It always passed eventually, he told himself. He finished mocha, stood up, and go home on his foot. While he was on the way to his home, he saw one strange and mysterious track that leads to somewhere very dark. Therefore, he deliberately walked with his first step, (he headed to there deliberately) and he realised that he got lost, but after several steps, a beautiful world of flora and fauna was appearing in front of my eyes stunningly. He thought that his decision was not bizarre or insane like his first thought. He had been proud of myself since he became the first one to explore the wonderland.