---
title: Leo, A Persistence
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 1.5
permalink: "6"
---

*Hinder (verb): to make it difficult for somebody to do something or for something to happen*

*Vicious (adjective): violent and cruel*

*Pout (noun): to make it difficult for somebody to do something or for something to happen*

*Fabulous (adjective): extremely good*

*Judgemental (adjective):  judging people and criticizing them too quickly*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

A tiger, Leo, was born in a small town in an isolated area. He had been such a gifted soccer player since he started to approach the ball his father gave him on his third birthday. He was able to perform fabulous skills after he practiced them only once. As a result, he became a professional soccer player, and he was consider as the best player worldwide in 2013. Unfortunately, he lost his priceless title after he had been attacked viciously by an opponent in the final match of World Cup at the end of the year 2014. This severe injury has hindered him from playing soccer as a super-star soccer player and showing fabulous performances. Sometimes, some people judge him as a disable guy, and his response is a pout of a kid who cannot get candies from their mother. He often feel devastated, and he wants everyone to stop always being so judgemental. Fortunately, his country hosted a freestyle soccer competition for injured players, and he was awarded a first prize, which makes him over the moon/on the cloud 9. He completely stopped being bummed out about his injury, and he has become a happy man.