---
title: Darkery, Multilingual
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "3"
---

*Repertoire (noun): all the things that a person is able to do*

*Neglect (verb): to fail to take care of somebody/something* 

*Scramble (verb):  to push, fight or compete with others in order to get or to reach something*

*Grasp (verb):  to take a firm hold of somebody/something*

*Proficient (adjective): able to do something well because of training and practice*

_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

A tiger lives in a modern city with his wealthy family. His name is Darkery. His family invested their money to him so that he had an opportunity to study aboard. He decided to comprehend human knowledge in America and grasped this opportunity without hesitation. Unfortunately, his English is totally horrible because he had not studied English seriously before. Therefore, he tried to learn and plug away at English day by day. Eventually, he possessed a large repertoire of ideas, opinions, words, and phrases for a wide of topics that is the sign of increasing the possibility of getting the Visa and a high IELTS score. In other words, he has been able to grasp the use of English vocabularies in the correct situations. Eventually, he got the Visa and 8.5 IELTS score. Obviously, he deserved to enjoy the achievement because he had not neglected his study and his English speaking skill was no longer neglected as he had done before. Improvement is evidence of not neglecting to learn English. In addition, he won the first prize in the competition whose name is Confident Public Speaker. Therefore, he did not need to scramble for scholarship as other ordinary students were doing. In fact, he had been one of these ordinary students that scrambled for scholarship, but he achieved it wisely with a long-term plan because he had invested himself a lot to study English in 10 hours a day instead of chatting and playing games. He was not satisfied himself. He thought that he should learn another language, and he would be able to speak more than two languages. Finally, he chose French, Chinese, and Japanese. Amazingly, he is proficient in speaking 4 languages excluding his mother language.