---
title: Wallie, A Robot
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 3
permalink: "1"
---

*Accumulate*

*Bewildering*

*Abundance*

*Compound* 

*Stink*


Wallie is a little lovely robot. He was the only one left on Mars since everyone had migrated to a new planet called Earth. Everyday, he collected and reused the remaining trash on this planet during the daytime, and he spent his night doing abundance of researches and trying to invent a machine which refreshes the atmosphere and stimulates creatures growing up on this no-dreaming planet. He put all the effort as well as endeavor on the machine for only one reason that he strived to get human beings back to this planet. Since he never gave up and accumulated enough knowledge through research and self-taught over many years, he eventually invented the machine called “Max”, a savior and a hero of Mars. It is a system that compounds machine learning with artificial intelligence. It converts polluted air to fresh one, and it eliminates toxic cloud in the sky, which gets the sky back blue. Also, the oceans expand larger than they used to be. It is Max that stops compounding the problem of Mars that used to be called as “Red Planet”, but now it is definitely different, it is a combination of blue, brown, yellow, orange, and green. Therefore, human beings stop being bewildered which one is better, and do not hesitate if they are allowed to return because Wallie is willing to welcome everyone coming back the planet where they lived happily and had a whale of a time together. Now, they together build up and maintain Mars to be more beautiful than ever.