---
title: A White Rabbit
author: Nam Nguyen
read: 2
permalink: "26"
---
*Berate (verb):  to criticize or speak angrily to somebody because you do not approve of something they have done.* 

*Dainty (adjective): mall and delicate in a way that people find attractive.* 

*Hatred (noun): a very strong feeling of dislike for somebody/something.* 

*Eradicate (verb): to destroy or get rid of something completely, especially something bad.*

*Dignity (noun): a calm and serious manner that deserves respect.* 


_Source:_ [**Oxford Dictionary**](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/)

A white rabbit with black-white stripes lives alone in a 20-year house in an isolated town which is 50 kilometres away from the city centre. Although he is male, he has dainty shape, and if you look him at the back, then he looks like an adorable girl with a small tortoise-shell.
 
One day, it was a beautiful weather, and he walked on a track that leaded to a big splendid lake. On the way to the lake, he saw something strange under a tall tree. He decided to step forwards and scoped out it.  It turned out that it is a handmade vase. He tended to touched it,and it was broken unexpectedly. Suddenly, a turtle with a big yellow-teeth beam almost reaching to his ears appreared in front of him and asked him that the rabbit should compensate him for his broken vase. The rabbit did not know what happened and why it had been broken, so he denied to make up for the ugly damaged vase laying on the ground. Unfortunately, the turtle was a cheater who often does some tricks to lead other into thinking of their actual fault. So, he pretended to be a victim and rebuked on the innocent rabbit. But he did not give up and pull a face at the turtle, plus he felt his dignity dirtied by swear words coming from the freaking disguiting mouth sinking of tobacco. The rabbit had insisted on touching on the vase immensely slightly. However, the turtle had ignored all rabbit's justification, and then continually berated him rudely, and guranteed that he had impacted on his vase forcefully, which raised hatred inside the rabbit that he wanted to dump this crazy turtle into the hell, but it just lasted in a couple of minutes, and decided to do something to get past this issue. So, he did not keep on this time-consuming argument, then he followed turtle's demand in order to eradicate the sting out of his eyes, and then he made up this guy for the ugly vase. And he enjoyed keep going to the lake to catch up with his best friend. After he had left the turtle behind the back for 5 minutes, the turtle was overlaid by a tree branch to death. That is the price he had to pay for tricking someone to steal their money indirectly.